Okay, now, we've got a scene with lots of
helpers, you can always comment those out.
One other thing that you
might wanna do is, or
let's say I'll leave them there for now,
you can leave them in, it's up to you.
One thing that you might
also wanna do is let's say,
if we think about sort of the sun,
I mean, this is not at all accurate, but
let's say we're looking at this.
And what we really want is more like
this light to orbit around as well.
So we can just do what
we were doing before,
which is instead of adding
things to the scene,
we could say maybe adding the light to the
moonGroup and see how that changes things.
And now,
we're gonna get something more like that.
Or you might want it,
maybe add a light with its own group and
rotate that group independently.
If you want it to get really
accurate with like the solar system,
you have to look into things like
rotations, speed, and positions.
But the nice thing here is because we're
just working with this world units,
which are arbitrary units,
they're not pixels.
You could potentially say, okay, my Earth,
let's say what is the radius of the Earth?
It's this many miles, so
you could potentially work
entirely in miles for your units.
And when you create your mesh here,
so your new mesh for
the Earth, you could still use
geometry as a scale of one which
is the default scale when we
create a new geometry here.
But we could also say mesh.scale.setScalar
and we could paste this in,
which is the the number of miles.
But then all of our other units,
things like the size of the moon,
the position of the moon,
they would also have to be in miles.
So this is just to say that the units in
Three.js, they're arbitrary, it's not
necessarily pixels or anything like that,
it's actually whatever units you want.
So typically, we work in meters,
that's like a pretty common thing.
Or if we're just doing
these little sketches,
we just work in these arbitrary sort
of normalized range around zero to one,
where zero would be really small one
would be sort of a default size, and
anything above one is just
larger than the default size.
So if you wanted to make a game,
I would work with a specific unit.
So I would start working in meters,
let's say.
And then when you make a 3D model,
let's say of a coffee cup,
you can measure this out exactly, you
can say it's this many centimeters high.
And because it's this
many centimeters high,
I'm gonna set the mesh to be
this many centimeters high.
And maybe I'll have to place it in
the scene and if I just place it in
the origin, it might get cut off just like
our spheres getting cut off by the axis.
So you might have to move it up exactly so
many centimeters.
So that's just all to say that
the units can be in meters, or
it can be in miles, or it can be in
whatever unit you want to work in.
And so, yeah,
if you wanted to make a solar system,
you could basically just take all
these numbers, plug them in, and
you'd end up having to scroll lots because
the distances between these plants
are gonna be huge but
that could be kind of fun.